Move calculators documentation from OVMS repository (#36)
openvinotoolkit/mediapipe: mediapipe/calculators/ovms/calculators.md

# Mediapipe calculators {#ovms_docs_mediapipe_calculators}

> This page documents how to use [OpenVINO Model Server](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server) calculators in Mediapipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page documents how to use calculators with OpenVINO backend to run Inference operations in the Mediapipe graph. The OpenVINO calculators follow the setup similar to existing TensorFlow calculators. There is an Inference calculator which employs ModelAPI interface. It can be accompanied by the Session calculator including an adapter to a specific backend type.
```

> 

Reviewer: maybe a drawing?

### OVMSInferenceAdapter

> Is an implementation of [Intel Model API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_api) Adapter [interface](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_api/blob/master/model_api/cpp/adapters/include/adapters/inference_adapter.h) that executes inference with OVMS [C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OVMSInferenceAdapter is an implementation of [OpenVINO Model API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_api) Adapter [interface](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_api/blob/master/model_api/cpp/adapters/include/adapters/inference_adapter.h) that executes inference with OVMS [C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md).
```

### OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculator

> This [calculator](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/mediapipe/blob/main/mediapipe/calculators/ovms/openvinomodelserversessioncalculator.cc) is creating OVMS Adapter to declare what model/[DAG](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/dag_scheduler.md) should be used in inference. It has mandatory field `servable_name` and optional `servable_version`. In case of missing `servable_version` OVMS will use default version for targeted servable. Another optional field is 'server_config' which is file path to OVMS configuration file. In case of using graph inside OVMS this field is ignored. In case of running inside any application using Mediapipe, the first calculator will trigger server start through OVMS [C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenVINOModelServerSessionCalculator](openvinomodelserversessioncalculator.cc) is creating OpenVINO Model Server Adapter to declare which servable should be used in inferences. It has mandatory field `servable_name` and optional `servable_version`. In case of missing `servable_version` calculator will use default version for targeted servable. Another optional field is `server_config` which is a file path to OpenVINO Model Server configuration file. This field is needed only in standalone MediaPipe applications when server was not initialized earlier via [C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md). In this case, the calculator triggers server start through [C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md)
```

### OpenVINOInferenceCalculator

> This [calculator](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/mediapipe/blob/main/mediapipe/calculators/ovms/openvinoinferencecalculator.cc) is using OVMS Adapter received as `input_side_packet` to execute inference with OVMS. It has optional options fields `tag_to_input_tensor_names` and `tag_to_output_tensor_names` that can serve as Mediapipe stream names mapping to servable (Model/DAG) inputs and/or outputs. Options `input_order_list` and `output_order_list` can be used in conjuction with packet types using `std::vector<T>` to transform input/output maps to desired order in vector of tensors. Example of usage can be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/mediapipe/blob/main/mediapipe/modules/pose_landmark/pose_landmark_by_roi_cpu.pbtxt).

Reviewer: relative path?

> This [calculator](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/mediapipe/blob/main/mediapipe/calculators/ovms/openvinoinferencecalculator.cc) is using OVMS Adapter received as `input_side_packet` to execute inference with OVMS. It has optional options fields `tag_to_input_tensor_names` and `tag_to_output_tensor_names` that can serve as Mediapipe stream names mapping to servable (Model/DAG) inputs and/or outputs. Options `input_order_list` and `output_order_list` can be used in conjuction with packet types using `std::vector<T>` to transform input/output maps to desired order in vector of tensors. Example of usage can be found [here](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/mediapipe/blob/main/mediapipe/modules/pose_landmark/pose_landmark_by_roi_cpu.pbtxt).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenVINOInferenceCalculator](openvinoinferencecalculator.cc) is using `OVMSInferenceAdapter` received as `input_side_packet` to execute inference with [OpenVINO Model Server C-API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/blob/main/docs/model_server_c_api.md). It can use `options` field `tag_to_input_tensor_names` and `tag_to_output_tensor_names` to map MediaPipe stream names and servable (Model/DAG) inputs and/or outputs. Options `input_order_list` and `output_order_list` can be used together with packet types using `std::vector<T>` to transform input/output maps to desired order in vector of tensors. This guarantees correct order of inputs and outputs in the pipeline. Example of usage can be found [here](../../modules/pose_landmark/pose_landmark_by_roi_cpu.pbtxt).
```

Accepted packet types and tags are listed below:

|pbtxt line|input/output|tag|packet type|stream name|
|:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|
|input_stream: "a"|input|none|ov::Tensor|a|
|output_stream: "OVTENSOR:b"|output|OVTENSOR|ov::Tensor|b|
|output_stream: "OVTENSORS:b"|output|OVTENSORS|std::vector<ov::Tensor>|b|
|output_stream: "TENSOR:b"|output|TENSOR|mediapipe::Tensor|b|
|input_stream: "TENSORS:b"|input|TENSORS|std::vector<mediapipe::Tensor>|b|

> In case of missing tag calculator assumes that the packet type is `ov::Tensor'.

Reviewer: Link to examples?

Reviewer: how to replace TF calculators in the graph?
